1.	Configuration of Network Devices using Packet Tracer tools (Hub, Switch, Ethernet, Broadcast).
2.	Design and Configuration of Star Topologies using Packet Tracer.	
3.	Design and Configuration of BUS Topologies using Packet Tracer.	
4.	Design and Configuration of RING Topologies using Packet Tracer.	
5.	Design and Configuration of Mesh Topologies using Packet Tracer.	
6.	Design and Configuration of Tree Topologies using Packet Tracer.	
7.	Design and Configuration of Hybrid Topologies using Packet Tracer.	
8.	Data Link Layer Traffic Simulation using Packet Tracer Analysis of ARP.	
9.	Data Link Layer Traffic Simulation using Packet Tracer Analysis of CSMA/CD & CSMA/CA.	
10.	Making Computer Lab in Cisco Packet Tracer.	
11.	Designing two different network with Static Routing techniques using Packet Tracer.	
12.	Design the Functionalities and Exploration of TCP using Packet Tracer.	
13.	Design the network model for Subnetting – Class C Addressing using Packet Tracer.	
14.	Simulating X, Y, Z Company Network Design and simulate using Packet Tracer.	
15.	Configuration of DHCP (dynamic host configuration protocol) in packet Tracer.	
16.	Configuration of firewall in packet tracer.	
17.	Make a Computer Lab to transfer a message from one node to another to design and simulate using Cisco Packet Tracer.	
18.	Simulate a Multimedia Network in Cisco Packet Tracer.	
19.	IoT based smart home applications.	
20.	Implementation of IoT based smart gardening.	
21.	Implementation of IoT devices in networking.	
22.	IoT based AAA Local and Server based authentication configuration.	
23.	Transport layer protocol header analysis using Wire shark- TCP and UDP.	
24.	Network layer protocol header analysis using Wire shark – SMTP and ICMP.	
25.	Network layer protocol header analysis using Wire shark – ARP and HTTP.	
26.	Implementation of date and time display from client to server using TCP sockets in java/C.	
27.	Implementation of a DNS server and client in java/C using UDP sockets.	
28.	Developing a client that contacts a given DNS server to resolve a given hostname in java/C.	
29.	Creating the applications using TCP echo server and client in java/C. 	
30.	Creating the applications using TCP chat client and chat server in java/C.	
31.	Implementing ARP protocols in java/C.	  
32.	Implementation of Bit stuffing mechanism using C.	  
33.	Implementing the applications using TCP file transfer in java/C.	  
34.	Implementing the simulation of error correction code - CRC in java/C.	  
35.	Implementing the sliding window protocol in java/C.	